feat(sheild): Nice!view Added flag to rotate custom widget 180 degrees (#2732)
zmkfirmware/zmk: app/boards/shields/nice_view/README.md

CONFIG_ZMK_LV_FONT_DEFAULT_SMALL_MONTSERRAT_26=y
CONFIG_LV_FONT_DEFAULT_MONTSERRAT_26=y
```

## Rotate screen

> You can rotate the custom widget by 180 degrees To use add the following item to your `.conf` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can rotate the custom widget by 180 degrees. To do so, add the following item to your `.conf` file:
```
